README.md, before:

# Amazon EKS AMI Build Specification

This repository contains resources and configuration scripts for building a
custom Amazon EKS AMI with [HashiCorp Packer](https://www.packer.io/). This is
the same configuration that Amazon EKS uses to create the official Amazon
EKS-optimized AMI.

**Check out the AMI's [user guide](doc/USER_GUIDE.md) for more information.**

## 🚀 Getting started

If you are new to Amazon EKS, we recommend that you follow
our [Getting Started](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/getting-started.html)
chapter in the Amazon EKS User Guide. If you already have a cluster, and you
want to launch a node group with your new AMI, see [Launching Amazon EKS Worker
Nodes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-workers.html).

## 🔢 Pre-requisites

You must have [Packer](https://www.packer.io/) version 1.8.0 or later installed on your local system.
For more information, see [Installing Packer](https://www.packer.io/docs/install/index.html)
in the Packer documentation. You must also have AWS account credentials
configured so that Packer can make calls to AWS API operations on your behalf.
For more information, see [Authentication](https://www.packer.io/docs/builders/amazon.html#specifying-amazon-credentials)
in the Packer documentation.

## 👷 Building the AMI

A Makefile is provided to build the Amazon EKS Worker AMI, but it is just a small wrapper around
invoking Packer directly. You can initiate the build process by running the
following command in the root of this repository:

```bash
make
```
The Makefile chooses a particular kubelet binary to use per kubernetes version which you can [view here](Makefile).
To build an Amazon EKS Worker AMI for a particular Kubernetes version run the following command
```bash
make 1.23 ## Build a Amazon EKS Worker AMI for k8s 1.23
```

**Note**
The default instance type to build this AMI does not qualify for the AWS free tier. You are charged for any instances created
when building this AMI.

## 🔒 Security

For security issues or concerns, please do not open an issue or pull request on GitHub. Please report any suspected or confirmed security issues to AWS Security https://aws.amazon.com/security/vulnerability-reporting/

## ⚖️ License Summary

This sample code is made available under a modified MIT license. See the LICENSE file.

Commit message:

Added insecure-registries and usage instructions

README.md, after:

# Amazon EKS AMI Build Specification

This repository contains resources and configuration scripts for building a
custom Amazon EKS AMI with [HashiCorp Packer](https://www.packer.io/). This is
the same configuration that Amazon EKS uses to create the official Amazon
EKS-optimized AMI.

**Check out the AMI's [user guide](doc/USER_GUIDE.md) for more information.**

## 🚀 Getting started

If you are new to Amazon EKS, we recommend that you follow
our [Getting Started](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/getting-started.html)
chapter in the Amazon EKS User Guide. If you already have a cluster, and you
want to launch a node group with your new AMI, see [Launching Amazon EKS Worker
Nodes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-workers.html).

## 🔢 Pre-requisites

You must have [Packer](https://www.packer.io/) version 1.8.0 or later installed on your local system.
For more information, see [Installing Packer](https://www.packer.io/docs/install/index.html)
in the Packer documentation. You must also have AWS account credentials
configured so that Packer can make calls to AWS API operations on your behalf.
For more information, see [Authentication](https://www.packer.io/docs/builders/amazon.html#specifying-amazon-credentials)
in the Packer documentation.

## 👷 Building the AMI


First edit the [files/docker-daemon.json](/files/docker-daemon.json) file and add the ClusterIP of your docker registry service that you want to mark as an insecure registry. You can edit any other file as required and follow the rest of the steps to build the image. Once you run `make 1.23`, the image would be compiled and pushed to your AWS account automatically based on the credentials that you have set in your local machine.

A Makefile is provided to build the Amazon EKS Worker AMI, but it is just a small wrapper around
invoking Packer directly. You can initiate the build process by running the
following command in the root of this repository:

```bash
make
```
The Makefile chooses a particular kubelet binary to use per kubernetes version which you can [view here](Makefile).
To build an Amazon EKS Worker AMI for a particular Kubernetes version run the following command
```bash
make 1.23 ## Build a Amazon EKS Worker AMI for k8s 1.23
```

**Note**
The default instance type to build this AMI does not qualify for the AWS free tier. You are charged for any instances created
when building this AMI.

## 🔒 Security

For security issues or concerns, please do not open an issue or pull request on GitHub. Please report any suspected or confirmed security issues to AWS Security https://aws.amazon.com/security/vulnerability-reporting/

## ⚖️ License Summary

This sample code is made available under a modified MIT license. See the LICENSE file.
